Three minutes haha
I said Zhao family head
You really
Do you think you guys can cover the sky with one hand?
Xiao Wang, if I were you, I would go home quickly.
Maybe get more money
Not to sleep on the street?
You rubbish, shut up
What does it have to do with you?
It's not that you're messing around here
I already got what I wanted
You shut up
Hello who
What!
Ah Jeremy Zhang
I may have been speaking a little loudly just now
I'm writing, sorry, sorry, sorry.
You promised me a lot
I beg you to let our Wang family go, okay?
Let you go
Don't you want to prove to us that your Wang family?
That's less than three minutes.
I-I-I knew it was wrong. I knew it was wrong.
You have spared us Wang Yi
Uncle Wang
This is the lesson of your Wang family's defiance
Don't think you can do whatever you want with a little strength
Here we go.
My God, the order is also placed.
Shishi, you are all rich now
When will you buy this villa?
And kick some people out?
You're ready to deal with me so soon
Don't be so heartless
I think this game is wrong
Haha, then I have to agree.
Ruthless